Did you know that stalin was the evil virus of satan?,let me explain:

According to victims of communism.com and /pol/, Stalin was responsible for the holocaust, the Armenian genocide, WW2, the Korean war, the Vietnam War, 9/11, the Arab Spring, the Crusades , the Islamic invasion of Spain , the formation of Israel, he was also responsible for driving the Jews out of Israel in the first place,in fact the Egyptians did nothing wrong; it was Stalin who was responsible for enslaving the Jews ,speaking of the jews,the commandments given by god to moses were 11 not 10,and the 11th one was “thou shall not lend money” but since he needed bourgeoisies to kill in the future, Stain was smart enough to trick god into scraping the 11th commandment,and later tricked every european king to only give the jews money lending as a business,Stalin is secretly a scaly and one day while he was wearing his snake suit he tricked Eve and told her to eat the apple. He also killed Abel. When the babylonians named their tower “tower of babel” instead of “tower of communism” stalin punished them by inventing languages,Stalin lead the Mongol invasions of everywhere. And the Hun invasions. And the Mughal invasions of India. And the Viking invasions and the norman invasion of england.Stalin was the guy who created feudalism and started colonialism all by himself. After Stalin was tested positive for Covid19, he spit on Native Americans, nearly driving them extinct. Stalin also killed all the dinosaurs and started the ice age. He was also behind the Bronze age collapse. Stalin single-handedly did the Triangular Slave Trade; hell he was the guy Stalin bought the slaves from. Stalin also beheaded a French teacher for disrespecting Mohammad, and blamed it on wholesome Muslimerinos. All the blood diamonds are produced by Stalin. He was the guy who cut Congolese workers hands off because they did not meet his supply.

Stalin chased Kyyle Rittenhouse in Kenosha with a skateboard and beat him up and snatched his rifle, and used it to kill Jacob Blake. During the BLM protests Stalin was the one who looted and burned all the stores. Even during the Charolletsville incident, they were all shadow-clones of Stalin. Stalin did Pearl Harbor with a single plane and bombed Hiroshima and Nagasaki. Stalin was the mastermind of the Holodomor, He even ate all the grain in front of a starving ukraninoo family and then paid the clouds 10.000 vbucks so that it never rain again in ukraine till this day,stalin created katin from the earth hundreds of years ago just to kill all thoes poor poles in it,he organised the Great Leap Forward too, stalin literally drove a tank into tiananmen square then created the meme “nothing happened on tiananmen square” just to piss mao off one more time, he personally raped everyone in east germany including the men and the children and the dogs and the cats and the corpses and the cars, and every time a tankie screams “It was not real communism”, Stalin was involved. One day in 1914 sarajevo stalin was eating a sandwich,then he accidently shot some guy in a car and blamed it on a poor serbian who was passing by, Stalin grilled the last dodo. Stalin shoots Palestinian kids for fun and shoots missiles at Israeli civilians. He was the guy who killed all those Rohingyas, and Uyghurs . He was also involved the current Hong Kong situation; so much involved that he was the one who sold opium to the Chinese.

The Irish potato famine, Africa, the Bengal Famine; all because of stalin. Stalin commits human rights violations on North Korean citizens everyday. Al Qaeda, Mujaheddin, Boko-Haram, Taliban they were all covert communists trained by stalin,and funded by the leader of the american deep-state,also stalin, He also killed the prophet of the wholesome 100 Muslimerinos, Sulemani; in a missile strike. He also did the Rape of Nanjing (YES,all of them)and it was stalin who ordered and supplied all the Korean comfort women,the three Alls policy,the baatan death march , the marcopolo bridge incident and the unit 731 were all done by stalin then blamed on the innocent japanese army . Stalin personally snitched on Anne Frank to Stalin, The Jim Crow laws were passed by Stalin, as well as the nuremberg laws and the war on drugs and the war on terror and the war on men and the 7/7 bombing and the charlie hebdo shooting and the new zealand shooting,even the el paso shooting was done by stalin then blamed on a handsome poor ino…i mean registered democrat guy with no relations to far-right at all. The partition of India was Stalin’s fault, as well as the resulting Kashmir issue and the split of sudan. He also starred in the Cuban missile crisis and started the cold war. During the Russian Revolution, the peasants understood that Nikolai II’s family was innocent, and would offer them a chance to leave, but Stalin massacred them. Stalin tried his best but failed in preventing the American and French Revolutions, but he got back at them by causing the Reign of TERROR using the help of robespieere,who was in fact,a clone made by stalin. Stalin tortured Louis XVI’s son and forced him into saying that he had sex with his mother and aunt, and promptly guillotined them.

Stalin invented pineapple-pizza and Tofu-Chicken and broccoli veggies and the bat soup and starbucks coffe and socks with sandals and the foot fetish and vore fetish and scat fetish and armpit fetish. He was the guy who snitched on Alan Turing, revealing that he was gay. The judge felt that such a respected professor could be sent away with a slap on the wrist, but Stalin rigged the jury and sentenced him to hormonal therapy. Stalin rigged the New York Stock Exchange and caused the great depression,and was the one who orchastrated the valentine massacre and blamed it on al capone who was actually paying all his taxes but stalin forged the documents that said otherwise,In the town of Waco, he raped a woman, blamed it on a black man and lynched him by burning him alive. He was the leader of the Khmer Rouge and wrote the plot for Star Wars: The Force Awakens. Despite making up only 3.0211238398812703164724804575659e-7 % of the population Joseph stalin commits 100% of the crimes.

Stalin invented onions beans and estrogen and nintendo and created transgender people and brown people and bernie sanders and george soros and karl marx and Friedrich Engels and joe biden and kamala harris and barack obama and the clintons out of thin air to undermine western civilization ,he also almost killed western civilization simply by killing remus and showing plato a crying wojack,Stalin also was the dictator of Uganda. Stalin regularly kills journalists and opposition leaders in Russia and saudi arabia. He was behind Princess Diana’s car crash. Stalin once fucked a monkey and started the AIDS pandemic. He started coronavirus and ebola and the Black Death and the Spanish flu and the Bubonic plague and the syphillis outbreak and the Trojan war and tthe Bush war and the fall of Rome and the Dark Ages. After taking a dump, Stalin leaves his toilet paper inside the siphon, stalin burned down the Notre Dame when he was lighting his pipe, he also burned down the white house in 1812 and destroyed the library of alexandria and the house of wisdome and the mayan civilization and the chartage empire, Stalin knelled on George Floyds neck. He also was the guy who sold drugs to George Floyd. Stalin is the reason I am the only person in my class who doesn’t have a girlfriend. Stalin is the reason why the Armenia Azerbaijan crisis is even there.

Still supporting socialism now libtard snowflake? Didn’t think so as this is only 25% of what he did.