Holy shit, I’m literally shaking right now. I told my gf once and for all to meet at Wendy’s for a debate-date. With all that Destiny had taught me, I knew that I would easily destroy her leftist delusions. Capitalism vs communism in the marketplace of ideas. The first thing I did was bring out my Iphone 11 and show her the wikipedia article for “the Holodomor”. I started counting the causalities. That’s when she brought out her completely packed bag and started pulling out really thick books of theory. Marx, Engels, Lenin, and a bunch of russian and chinese names I can’t even remember. My hands started trembling (with anger) as I continued to scroll down the wikipedia page of “the Holodomor” on my Iphone 11. She basically said that it was all capitalist propaganda and exaggerated, and that communes like “Catalonela” or something were really successful. She kept quoting these books and shoving pages in my face. I told her to stop pivoting and gish-galloping but she just kept going. At this point the people at Wendy’s were pointing and chuckling, and someone went “How’s it going sport?” with a smirk. No one understood that she was acting in bad faith and was nitpicking and clearly biased. She hadn’t really responded to any of the points my wikipedia article was making. At some point I started stammering (because I was so mad at how illogical she was being) and she went “I think I’ve won” (nice gaslighting).

She asked if we should end it there or if I wanted to try at another debate. I smiled a confident smile and asked “Do you think incest is inherently unethical?” She said obviously, and I asked why, and she couldn’t come up with an argument because she went quiet for a few seconds. I continued, “There’s nothing inherently wrong with being attracted to your sister” (I am not). But then a guy next to us at Wendy’s broke into really loud laughter and basically said “Why are you with this dweeb?”

The guy had a really broad build and was wearing a rose t-shirt. He had a really thick and sturdy beard and a masculine pony tail. “You’re clearly more intelligent and hot than this guy. Take a look at this.” He showed my gf something on his twitter, and she giggled. I think it was a stupid commie meme or something. She basically ended it there and went with this broad and sturdy guy. On the way out I tripped on the doorstep and everyone laughed. She isn’t responding to my texts, and this was like five hours ago. What the fuck should I do debategang? Help.
